Qin Shiyu, how do you explain it?
Qin Shiyu, you are just waiting to be kicked out by the ancestors
It's not me at all
I only went to the kitchen once
Just go to the refrigerator to get medicine.
The people in this surveillance are wearing white healthcare workers coats like yours
No, who are you?
I really didn't expect you to hide your scheming until the end
Ji Longchuan, you don't believe me at all, do you?
Whoever dares to turn their backs
How do you make me believe
Fortunately, when my mother didn't have anything good to do in her life
So now more immediately
More now
Mom you
Show me the surveillance.
I'd like to see who wants to see you
Madam, we have checked it out
It's a play directed and acted by Qin Shiyu, right?
Son look
This person has a mole behind his ear.
Doctor Qin is so stingy and childish